Add stan documentation reference/webpage (#1039)
epiforecasts/EpiNow2: NEWS.md

## Documentation

- Added documentation about doing prior predictive checks.

> - All the stan code are now documented using docstrings and can be generated using Doxygen.

Author: ```suggestion
- The stan code is now fulled documented and can be accessed on the website under the Reference tab.
```
